# CS230
The gaming room client was game development company that wanted our help setting up the proper platform for them to run their game Draw It or Lose It. The client needed a great platform to run this multi-user and multi-match game that can be supported on multiple different platforms at once. They needed an excellent storage and memory management system along with an air-tight security protocol to keep the game safe. 
I believe I wrote all the answers in this document to help make things easier to read for the client. Even though they are all programmers and tech people themselves I feel this document could be read and understood by just about anyone. 
It gave me the direction I needed to keep on the right path when designing the code. It kept me focused on what I was doing and what the client was looking for overall. 
I know for this project we didnt have to do the system architecture view but I think if there was a revise I could do it would be to learn more about that and fill out that section of this document just to see how that would help out later down the line. 
Well if you interpret the user's needs you can see the bigger picture of what they are trying to create at the end. This is important because you arent working for yourself here you are working for a client that has a specific goal in mind for their application and you need to be able to bring that goal to life for the client.
I would pay more attention to the detail stuff when it came to designing software. I would pay more attention to the little stuff that the client wants and how I can make the code much cleaner and how I can simplify the document even more then I already have to make it incredibly clear and concise. 
